Beautiful.
Next why don't we take a look at online self property now in order to do that.
I'm going to make some changes to my tutorial.
First of all let's add old of height so let's say 300 pixels is going to do it.
That's number one.
Then let's go with Flex and the property that I'm going to be looking for is in fact going to be a line
items.
Yeah.
I'm going to go with a line items and I'm going to line all of them.
Let's say in the center and we already know that the stretch was the default one.
That's why my boxes were stretched.
Now what would a line self do.
Well let's imagine the scenario where we have all these five boxes but I would like to move box number
five.
Well in a different direction some more.
So I wouldn't want the box number five to sit in a center where we could simply do it like this red
box five.
So we're targeting that one.
And then once we use align self property we can really go wild where we could start you know what I
don't like it.
I don't want to place box number five at the end of it and sure enough when I opened my box right now
it's sitting flush with the bottom edge of my container because even though I added this a line items
which if we remember was in fact affecting all my children in this case once we start working with a
self we can just move our boxes our individual boxes how do we like.
And Sam is going to work even if I'm going to increase the size of my container by another 200 pixels.
So still this one is sitting all the way in the bottom and then of course I can also change it to a
start and you name it.
So essentially all the property values that we had for a client Ms.
I can individually apply for each and every item.
Right now the same is gonna work.
If I let's say move it flex a line items to where flex and same deal rest of my boxes are sitting here
and five can be individually targeted and placed let's say all the way on top.
Now I'm not going to cover all of them because we have already covered these properties but just to
have some fun.
And once we have our selector let's write a line self and let's look for the search value the moment
we do that we know is that box number three is in fact stretched all day across the container.
The last one we're going to look at is going to be center.
So for Box Number One Again align self let's just place it in the center.
So as you can see align self allows us to individually target our items.
No question probably is where we're going to use that.
Well again items and elements come in different sizes.
So image is going to be different than the text text is gonna be different than a button.
So once you're gonna have that type of scenario this is where you're going to start experimenting with
different type of values to get the layout that you would like considering that your elements are different
shapes and different sizes.